I started off my DREU experience with three welcome and introduction meetings spanning the first three days: a one-on-one meet with my grad mentor, 
a meet with the graduate students and fellow undergraduates working on computational biology projects and a meetind with all DREU 2021 members. 
By the middle of the week, I obtained my ID and password which allows me remote access to the parasol lab’s computers (I am working with parasol lab). 
I then started my onboarding process, the zeroth module of the motion planning crash course, by creating a page for myself on the lab’s website, setting up my gitlab, 
and completing some of the first module which included reading a few articles and executing some code. 
I was then added to parasol lab's slack page, DREU's discord and slack pages. Week 1 went by pretty fast so I'm looking forward to what I would be working on for the upcoming weeks. 
For the second week, I am hoping to complete the discussion questions (not required but I do them to make sure I understood what I did for each module) for the module 1 after having a discussion with my grad mentor on one of the articles I had to read. The paper was actually about Probabilistic Roadmaps (PRM). It looked harder to read at first but it was fun when I actually got to it. If interested to read it, reach out to me, my email should be at the bottom of the page. My to do for the upcoming week is not much because Monday is a holiday and I'm moving on Tuesday so two out of three days gone. I would try to make it up on the weekends but I'm not sure if I would get to it so no promises now. 


